---
layout: post
title:  "A Treacherous Trap"
date:   2018-02-06 19:44:40 +0100
author: Drusilia Silva
categories: underdark
---

_Hello spirit, me again. I was telling you last night about the betrayal of Devin. I've calmed down a bit since then but I still can't believe he betrayed us. Of course I didn't really trust him but still. What's happening to the world when even Richard is more reliable and trustworthy than a complete stranger..._

You probably want to know what happened. Well, Devin lead us right into a trap. All the slavers were double gangers and they attacked us as soon as they turned. Of course we fought back but I didn't want to kill anyone. Not because they didn't deserve it, every slaver can burn in an infernal dimension for all I care, but because ... well I had a few reasons actually. One, we needed them alive to prove that they were the slavers. They were double gangers, so they could change their tattoo that implicated them as slavers. If the guards found us with dead bodies without tattoos ... well, I really wouldn't want to explain that. Knowing me, I'd probably end up in jail. Reason two is pretty much the same, without the tattoos we wouldn't have been able to collect the bounties on their heads. I don't really need the money but it could always come in handy. Reason three is a bit more complicated. I really hate Devin for betraying us, but for some reason I still couldn't let him die. We only knew him for like five days but I felt he needed to be brought to justice, not be killed by a Giant Elk that Richard summoned. Of course Richard disagreed, you know how he feels about loyalty. Or well, maybe you don't, but he's like really loyal. You would find this ironic, if you knew Richard but you will just have to trust me on this. 

In the end, everything worked out fine. We captured the double gangers, we freed the slaves and we found the secret stash of the slavers. There was this one point where this creepy genie turned up, but he just disappeared. I've got a feeling we will be seeing him again, spirit. And I don't like that at all. 

>"What can you offer me if I help you?"
><cite>Richard and Bree having an entire conversation during battle.</cite>

But we have other worries at the moment. We found out that the Orcs were preparing to attack Riverdale. They had built several towers and were ready to attack at first light. So of course we had to put a stop to that. We had two possible options: wait until they attacked or attack them. I was all for option two, but my companions thought that would be suicide. I couldn't really convince them so I had to come up with another idea. Because no way I was going to watch the Orcs attack and kill hundreds of innocent people! And then I thought, if they didn't want to do a raid with horses, we could do one from the air. I have the power to call upon eight giant owls to fly us to the Orcs, giving us the element of surprise and quick retreat. And then somebody proposed to bring barrels of oils with us to do maximum damage. So at midnight we flew there, blew up some towers, destroyed ballistas and flew back. It was the perfect mission: towers destroyed, no casualties and the Orc attack stopped. Or at least for a few days. 

>"Attack the towers!"
><cite>Drusilia shouting to her owls while doing a surprise attack.</cite>

I'll try to convince my companions to do another attack but I doubt they will listen to me. So we'll probably have to wait and see what happens when the Orcs attack. I'll talk to you then, spirit, if we're still alive. Sleep tight. 
